Filtering and scrubbing doc for Lambda logs (#8726)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/guide/send-aws-services-logs-with-the-datadog-lambda-function.md

| [RedShift][36]                    | [Enable AWS Redshift logs][37]                                                                 | [Manual][38] and [automatic](#automatically-setup-triggers) log collection |
| [VPC][39]                         | [Enable AWS VPC logs][40]                                                                      | [Manual][41] log collection                                                |

> ## Filtering and scrubing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Scrubbing and filtering
```

> Scrub emails or ip address from logs sent by the Lambda function or define a custom scrubbing rule [in the Lambda parameters][42].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can scrub emails or IP address from logs sent by the Lambda function, or define a custom scrubbing rule [in the Lambda parameters][42].
```

> It is also possible to exclude logs matching a specific pattern or only send the one matching thanks to the [filtering option][43].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also exclude or send only those logs that match a specific pattern by using the [filtering option][43].
```
